This app helps children learn to read by practicing sight words in a fun and interactive way! Inspired by Dr. Steinberg and his idea for a sight word app, I decided to build one on the Android Studio platform. This app incorporates different children's images to encourage the child. It features a main page with 5 lists the child can pick between and choose which list of words they would like to practice. There is a sound button that the child can press next to each word in case they would like to hear it before, while, or after practicing the word themselves! My idea for this app came from Dr. Steinberg and my love for helping out little children as I have a little brother who is 9 years old and I got to help him out with his reading and math skills as he grew up. I got accustomed with the process of how to best help a child learn to read and I thought this app was an excellent idea! In terms of the days I spent coding: 10/28 - Created multiple screens and added a few buttons to allow options for the child to navigate between. 10/29 - Fixed the navigation between two activities, 1 and 2. 10/30 - Added activities and Java classes for 3, 4, and 5. Still planning how many I will end up using/needing. 11/4 - Added a design for the main page/homescreen, figured out how to fix the orientation for every single activity to landscape, added a home button and got the about and next buttons to function. 11/5 - Completed the about section. 11/8 - Added list buttons to navigate to different lists of snap words. Decided to do 5 lists as 5 buttons fit the screen top to bottom. In the case I had more time I would've implemented a few more lists of words! 11/9 - Enabled text-to-speech recognition to have the sound bar work next to each word. Finished all the words in list 1. 11/10 - Finished all lists and the entirety of the app.
